README.md, before:

LibAPRS
==========

LibAPRS is an Arduino IDE library that makes it easy to send and receive APRS packets with a [MicroModem](http://unsigned.io/micromodem)-compatible modem.

You can buy a complete modem from [my shop](http://unsigned.io/shop), or you can build one yourself pretty easily. Take a look at the documentation in the [MicroModem](https://github.com/markqvist/MicroModem) repository for information and getting started guides!

See the example included in the library for info on how to use it!

## Some features

- Send and receive AX.25 APRS packets
- Full modulation and demodulation in software
- Easy configuration of callsign and path settings
- Easily process incoming packets
- Shorthand functions for sending location updates and messages, so you don't need to manually create the packets
- Ability to send raw packets
- Support for settings APRS symbols
- Support for power/height/gain info in location updates
- Can run with open squelch

## Installation

1. Download the library: https://github.com/markqvist/LibAPRS/archive/master.zip
1. (In the Arduino IDE) Sketch > Include Library > Add .ZIP Library... > select the downloaded file > Open

## Getting started

You should read through the "Basic_usage" example included with the library. It contains an explanation of all the functions and a basic sketch to get you up and running with sending and receiving packets.

## Got bugs?

This library is very early, and being actively developed all the time. This means you should expect to find bugs. If you do, please report them here, so I can fix them! It also means I might have to make changes that will break code, and that you will have to rewrite your sketch. If you don't think that sounds good, wait a little while for a stable release of the library :)

Commit message:

Add note in README comparing this fork to the original

README.md, after:

LibAPRS-esp32-i2s
==========

This is a fork of [LibAPRS](https://github.com/markqvist/LibAPRS) designed to run on the ESP32.

The ESP32's `adc1_get_raw()` / `adc2_get_raw()` methods [can only be called at about 6000Hz](https://esp32.com/viewtopic.php?t=1075); LibAPRS wants 9600Hz.
To get around this limitation, this fork uses the ESP32's [I2S peripheral](https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/api-reference/peripherals/i2s.html) to drive both the ADC and the DAC.

Differences
-----------

The API remains roughly the same.
However, if you aren't using `AFSK_transmit` or `ax25_sendVia` to send packets, you need to call `finish_transmission` to actually send data to the ADC over I2S.


LibAPRS
==========

LibAPRS is an Arduino IDE library that makes it easy to send and receive APRS packets with a [MicroModem](http://unsigned.io/micromodem)-compatible modem.

You can buy a complete modem from [my shop](http://unsigned.io/shop), or you can build one yourself pretty easily. Take a look at the documentation in the [MicroModem](https://github.com/markqvist/MicroModem) repository for information and getting started guides!

See the example included in the library for info on how to use it!

## Some features

- Send and receive AX.25 APRS packets
- Full modulation and demodulation in software
- Easy configuration of callsign and path settings
- Easily process incoming packets
- Shorthand functions for sending location updates and messages, so you don't need to manually create the packets
- Ability to send raw packets
- Support for settings APRS symbols
- Support for power/height/gain info in location updates
- Can run with open squelch

## Installation

1. Download the library: https://github.com/markqvist/LibAPRS/archive/master.zip
1. (In the Arduino IDE) Sketch > Include Library > Add .ZIP Library... > select the downloaded file > Open

## Getting started

You should read through the "Basic_usage" example included with the library. It contains an explanation of all the functions and a basic sketch to get you up and running with sending and receiving packets.

## Got bugs?

This library is very early, and being actively developed all the time. This means you should expect to find bugs. If you do, please report them here, so I can fix them! It also means I might have to make changes that will break code, and that you will have to rewrite your sketch. If you don't think that sounds good, wait a little while for a stable release of the library :)
